Add `trip_properties` and clean up list of experimental fields. (#65)
mbta/gtfs-documentation: reference/gtfs-realtime.md

The following experimental fields are provided:

| Message                  | Field                  | Notes                                                                          |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`Alert`][ma]            | `severity_level`       |

> | [`EntitySelector`][mes]  | `direction_id`         |

Author: `direction_id` has not been experimental for six years: https://github.com/google/transit/pull/210 (by Paul Swartz!)

Reviewer: wow celebrity guest appearance

> | [`TripUpdate`][mtu]      | `trip_properties`        |

Reviewer: could you also add `TripProperties`  sinc it is a "message", and specify the values we set for `trip_headsign`?

Author: Done, though I'm not sure what you mean by "the values we set". We set `trip_headsign` according to the spec.

Reviewer: I was thinking maybe just a note about trip headsign always being the `stop_name` of the last stop where the vehicle stops, and about it only being set for subway? That is useful information that goes beyond the spec

Author: #6051463

The following experimental fields are provided:

| Message                  | Field                    | Notes                                      |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------|
| [`Alert`][ma]            | `severity_level`         |
| [`TripUpdate`][mtu]      | `trip_properties`        |

> | [`TripProperties`][mtp]  | `trip_headsign`          | Set for subway only. Set to the new last stop of the trip. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TripProperties`][mtp]  | `trip_headsign`          | For subway only: `stop_name` of the last [stop](https://gtfs.org/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt) for which the trip has a [`StopTimeUpdate`](https://gtfs.org/documentation/realtime/feed-entities/trip-updates/#stoptimeupdate) when that stop does not match the last scheduled stop for the trip in [`stop_times.txt`](https://gtfs.org/documentation/schedule/reference/#stop_timestxt)   |
```

maybe this is a bit overboard, but I like to err on the side of "as many details as possible". feel free to word smith it more and not just accept

Author: [92b13e6](https://github.com/mbta/gtfs-documentation/pull/65/commits/92b13e6e9989e14a74e7e042e48981e0afd7e7fc)

I do think that's overboard. Reading the GTFS-RT documentation would make it clear that this is only set when it overrides the usual headsign, and our `gtfs.md` explains what `trip_headsign` values usually are. Your rewrite gets into the weeds a little bit about how (and when) the value is computed, but I think what matters is what it _means_. I've tried to pack a little more info in while keeping a concise message.

Given how stale our documentation has gotten before (e.g. Paul's cameo above), I'm concerned that our "subway only" note is a liability. IMO misleading info is far worse than less-than-exhaustively-descriptive info, and if we leave "subway only", then I worry it will someday become misleading and stay that way for many years before we catch it. Clients are going to check out the actual data before they depend on it, so I'm comfortable with them learning stuff like "subway only" empirically. WDYT?

Reviewer: yeah that's fine with me. I do prefer things to be exhaustively descriptive, at least when referencing concepts like "trip" and "stop" which can be misunderstood because of the ambiguity of their colloquial equivalents. but I am also conflicted about making this too descriptive considering that `TripProperties` and `trip_headsign` are already defined in the main spec.
